(Please review for merge) Huawei-ohos (#1619)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/SUMMARY.md

    - [General Build Options](editor/publish/build-options.md)
    - [Publish to Web Platforms](editor/publish/publish-web.md)
    - [Publish to Native Platforms](editor/publish/native-options.md)

>         - [Publish to HUAWEI HarmonyOS 应用](editor/publish/publish-huawei-ohos.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - [Publish for the Huawei HarmonyOS](editor/publish/publish-huawei-ohos.md)
```
